[light humming]
AIRSHIP "MOBY DICK" CARGO HOLD
If you have
something to say to me,
then why don't you
come out and say it?
I don't, not really.
There's a question
I've been dying to ask.
Can you go through with it?
Would you care to find out
the answer right now?
Mm, scary.
[laughing]
[woman vocalizing]
You're not sporting
those wings tonight.
Let me guess.
They're tucked away
inside your body somewhere.
I was told
I needed to touch Canopus.
That's the reason
I made contact with you.
[groans]
Who the hell told you that?
Touch what now?
Canopus. That's the name we give
to old people who put us
on the path and show us the way.
CANOPUS = STAR OF OLD AGE
Funny, meeting you like this.
I've been looking
for a murderous little punk.
Tell me where Yuna is.
Yuna?
[hums]
Is Yuna the "Fourth"
you've been separated from
for so long...
Mr. 13?
I'm curious.
Has she noticed the marks
you've been leaving for her?
From the looks of things,
she hasn't responded
to them yet.
And after all of your hard work.
If you ask me,
your girlfriend's pretty cold.
The only people that I kill are
the ones that deserve to die.
Really, now?
That's very upstanding of you.
Here. Take it.
I'll take a wild guess
and say you've never had
any grown-ups around
to tell you
not to be full of yourself.
How dare you say that?
What do you think
you know about it?
Nothing, I guess.
But I am quite familiar
with the meaning of the mark
you always leave behind.
I know it's not really a "B."
It's 13 in Arabic numerals
and the Roman numeral four
that's only used on clocks...
one number
overlapping the other.
You're the 13,
and she is the four.
It's likely a code only
the two of you would recognize,
so Killer B has continued
his killing spree of murderers
as a way to spread it.
You've left a trail of bodies
in your wake
to prove you're still alive
to someone you can't find.
Every time
you've killed someone,
you've been shouting,
"Look, I'm right here."
Where is Yuna?!
[sighs] For Heaven's sake,
kids these days are so greedy.
They have absolutely no concept
of give and take.
Anyway, if you brought me here,
must be because there's
something you wanted to ask.
Well, I have some questions
for you, too.
I'm not interested
in playing word games.
If you know where Yuna is,
tell me right--
Tomorrow at 10:00.
Heian-ji. Know the place?
It's a Buddhist temple
in Ward Eight.
I'll tell you everything then.
Hey! You can tell me now!
No, can't. I need to show you.
I'll bring it with me tomorrow.
Be there.
ROYAL POLICE STORAGE WAREHOUSE
Oh?
What is this warehouse?
It's the Archives.
[Boris grunting]
Whoop.
-There are so many documents.
-[Boris] All right.
Let's see now.
Where is it? Hmm.
So this is where Keith worked?
Mm. For eight years.
He did it completely alone,
by himself.
What was the reason?
Did he ever tell you the reason
why he was sent here?
During his trial, he abducted
the murderer Dead Kyle
from the hospital
that was treating him
and tortured him
without clearance.
Wait! He did what?!
[Eric sighs]
So how'd it go?
They're drawing up
an arrest warrant for Keith.
We'll be sent after him, too.
-Stop that.
-[gasps]
So where did Lily run off to?
She's inside the building.
[Gil] It's a real shame
about Jean.
Yeah.
You're here
regarding Keith Flick.
Do you think he's a suspect?
For the time being.
So you're questioning me.
Yes. Boris said you and Keith
are old friends
who've known each other
for a very long time.
That's right. I've known him
since boarding school.
We're best of friends.
So, Doctor, do you
also think Keith did this?
What about you?
No, I don't think he's guilty.
Well, there you go.
If you could, please tell me
everything you can about--
In all the years
I've known Keith Flick,
one thing hasn't changed.
He's an exceptionally dull man.
He can readily predict
what lies ahead,
which is why it's hard
for him to act in the moment.
Uh-huh. So then, you're implying
this incident
doesn't seem to be premeditated,
which would rule out Keith
as a suspect.
Is that
what you're trying to say?
I don't know all the particulars
of this case,
but if he is under suspicion,
it probably means he
isn't guilty of any wrongdoing.
That guy just couldn't do
anything so careless.
Don't you mean he wouldn't?
No, my dear, couldn't.
Okay. Interesting.
Same old story.
What is?
For ages,
people with noble hearts
have always been drawn to him,
which is fascinating
considering his
less-than-pleasant personality.
You're one of them. Am I right?
[gasps] No, I, um--
I think I have what I need.
Thank you.
Well, well,
you do remind me of her.
Excuse me?
-Hey!
-Hmm?
You're looking pretty carefree
for a wanted criminal.
Well, being on the run
leaves you with a lot
of time on your hands.
You manage to get
what I asked for?
What, are you blind?
I'm carrying it on my back.
I guess you are.
Thanks as always.
About Jean,
did he really kill himself?
CONNECTED INCIDENTS
-Yeah.
-What about memories?
Altered.
Boy, this runs deep.
AN ADAPTATION OF A MYSTERY
Try not to do anything
too crazy.
I won't be able
to help you out forever.
Eric already suspects
that I'm up to something.
Don't worry about it.
Things should be wrapping up,
and sooner
than you might think.
I'M BEING FORCED
TO PLAY ALONG WITH IT.
Hopefully.
BUT WHAT HAPPENS AFTERWARDS?
[Yuna] I'll capture Lohengrin.
I give you my word.
[footsteps echoing]
[Minatsuki] There something
you'd like to tell me?
[Laica] You already know
that there is.
We weren't expecting
any of this to happen.
Exactly.
We weren't prepared to deal
with Lohengrin's abilities,
but now we'll counter
one unexpected variable
with another.
What if someone dies?
Just sit back and watch.
WARD 8 HEIAN-JI
[sneezes]
[sniffles] Huh?
There you are.
What's your name?
[object whooshes]
You do have a name, don't you?
Why don't you tell me?
Koku.
Mine's Keith.
I know.
Right.
Where do I start?
-Where's Yuna?
-Relax.
As long as you're alive,
then you may as well
think she is, too.
You better be right about that.
If I said
"Jaula Blanca Institute,"
would you be a bit more
receptive to what I have to say?
It all began at the Jetblack.
At the end of the 16th century,
13 fossilized skeletons
were found
in the ruins
at the top of a mountain.
The scientists of the day
classified
the atypical winged skeletons
as the progenitors of humanity.
They called them the fossils
of gods that flourished
in the ancient past.
This was the start of a project
to restore these gods.
The King and government realized
they could exploit the project
for political gain...
so in order to refill
the country's depleted coffers,
they solicited donations
under the pretext
of resurrecting these gods
and built
a huge research facility.
The name of this facility
was the Jaula Blanca
Royal Scientific Institute.
The top scientists
and most cutting-edge
technology of the day
were gathered together
under that roof
in the name
of resurrecting the gods.
However, the facility
was chock-full
of corrupt researchers
drunk on the huge donations
and days spent on trivialities.
With no plan in mind, they
began an inbreeding program,
producing unstable offspring
called the Promising Ones,
which they later disposed of.
That so-called research was
repeated for several centuries.
Eventually rumors
began to circulate,
rumors that the research
would be terminated.
In response to this,
one of the researchers
made a proposal to the King.
He said he would create
an organization
designed to manipulate
the balance
of fear and tranquility
throughout the kingdom,
and the human assets required
to carry out the project
would be developed
at Jaula Blanca.
Thus, the Promising Ones,
who'd been derided as failures,
were sent
to the royal government.
They were to be a group
of special intelligence agents
whose one and only directive
would be to create chaos
and order.
Their work would go on
to have a profound effect.
They are now known as...
Market Maker.
Thanks to them,
the Institute now survives
as a facility
that develops weapons of carnage
for their government patrons.
Ironically however,
it was around this point
that their ongoing research
into the gods
took a giant leap forward.
Two lives came into being that
showed them the way to success.
But something unforeseen
occurred.
[child] Yuna?
Yuna?
Yuna? Yuna!
Yuna! Yuna!
Yuna!
All I remember is gunfire
and the awful smell
of something burning.
How? How do you know
all this about me?
"Kurohane," meaning Black Wings,
but read as "Koku."
[Keith] It's so typical of him.
Have you ever heard
of the Jetblack Epitaph?
It's located at the top
of Mount Cremona.
[Keith] After they decoded
that inscription,
along with advances
in genetic studies,
their research
made a quantum leap forward.
It's because the Epitaph
contained a record
of the abilities of
the gods' bones and their form.
With the arrival of three
cellular biologists from Japan,
the organization
was able to bring you
and your guardians to life.
One of those biologists
was Dr. Kazama.
His full name
was Heath Kazama Flick.
That's my father.
What's more,
the one who first managed
to decode that inscription
at the age of 12...
that was me.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[leaves rustle]
Hmm. Hmm?
[gasps]
[Minatsuki]
How many people have you killed
with that hand you stole?
Huh?
How much blood have you seen
with that eye you stole?
[gasps]
How many crimes
have you fled from
on that leg you stole?
They're incredible.
[Yuna groans]
Wait. Hold on.
Don't do it!
Don't kill her!
[Yuna gasps]
Koku, stop this!
[gasps]
[Koku] It can't be.
Wait. Yuna.
Don't talk like we're friends!
[Minatsuki]
It's time for you to atone.
[sighs]
Yuna, look. It's me.
Curse you! You killed them!
[Minatsuki] Will you be killed
by the one you love?
You killed my classmates
at Jaula Blanca.
You heartlessly slaughtered
all of my friends.
[gasps]
[Minatsuki] Or will you
cut down your beloved?
I'll never forgive you for that!
[Minatsuki]
Decide it together.
You're wrong, Yuna.
That's not true.
-Shut up!
-Yuna!
The time has come.
[grunts]
[sighs]
-[sword stabs]
-[gasps]
And now it's over.
[Koku gasping]
Yuna.
[Yuna gasps]
I found you, Yuna.
"When Canopus shines
directly to the right,
a new First will spawn
from the gods.
Stunning wings of pure madness
will lay low
the transient people,
and the howling of the dead
will bring order
to their brethren at last."
[Yuna gasps]
[man] "To the left
is another Fourth.
A cycle of evil slaughter.
The moon of carnage
traces out its eternal ellipse,
and the hour draws near
when the ash-colored dragon
will beat its wings.
People of the black bones,
gather ye together."
[Yuna] Koku?
Koku.
[Yuna] Where were you?
I've been waiting so long.
[gasps]
[wailing]
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ There's somewhere
That we belong ♪
♪ And God
Has never played his role ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul ♪
♪ It's a perfect world
We're longing for ♪
♪ So long ♪
♪ Cursing shadows ♪
♪ Hunt and gather ♪
♪ In the city of no answer ♪
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming